meanwhile the US vice president kamla
Harris has had what she describes as a
Frank and constructive meeting with the
visiting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu in it the Democratic
presidential hopeful expressed her
serious concern about Palestinian
civilian casualties in Israel's war with
Hamas she also reiterated her unwavering
commitment to the US allies security but
urged Mr Netanyahu to agree to a
ceasefire deal let's hear some of what
Kam Harris had to say after the
meeting I have met with the families of
these American hostages multiple times
now and I've told them each time they
are not alone and I stand with
them and President Biden and I are
working every day to bring them home I
also expressed with the Prime Minister
my serious concern about the scale of
human suffering in Gaza including the
death of far too many innocent
civilians and I made clear my serious
concern about the dire humanitarian
situation there with over 2 million
people facing high levels of food
insecurity and half a million people
facing catastrophic levels of acute food
insecurity what has happened in Gaza
over the past nine months is devastating
the images of dead children and
desperate hungry people fleeing for
safety sometimes displaced for the
second third or fourth time we cannot
look away in the face of these tragedies
we cannot allow ourselves to become numb
to the suffering and I will not be
silent it is time for this war to end
and end in a way where Israel is secure
all the hostages are released the
suffering of Palestinians in Gaza ends
and the Palestinian people can exercise
their right to Freedom dignity and
self-determination there has been
hopeful movement in the talks to secure
an agreement on this deal and as I just
told prime minister Netanyahu it is time
to get this deal
done a North America correspondent
presid David Wills gave us the latest
from Washington Benjamin Netanyahu met
with both Joe Biden and kamla Harris
today and the White House in a readout
of his meeting with Joe Biden said that
Mr Biden called for a ceasefire in Gaza
and for the release of the remaining
hostages as soon as possible as it put
it and carela Harris as we just heard
went further than that uh taking concern
registering her concern about the
growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza and
saying that the time had come to do a
deal and she also said to Mr Netanyahu
that she would not be silent about the
suffering of the Palestinian people now
some here are taking that to mean that
she may adopt a different stance perhaps
a more aggressive stance towards Israel
than Joe Biden has done should she be
elected of course in the uh presidential
election in November kamla Harris has
been critical of the uh Israeli
Administration most recently back in
March and um a lot of people have been
looking to see what she makes of uh uh
Benjamin netanyahu's visit these these
last few days as some sort of indication
of how she would engage with the
israelies going forward